right now I would like to introduce to
you the program in more detail it's an
English master program it's being given
being taught in two terms one autumn and
one term in spring and it covers a whole
series of courses and electives it
starts with a two-day seminar which you
are being trained in personal skills
then we start with the core course of
our program being called seminar in
human resource studies you will start by
studying a book at the at an advanced
level on topic of human resource
management and performance the book
covers a whole range of topics of it we
think that you really should know these
and it helps to achieve the right level
of entry for all our students who are
participating both from the Netherlands
as well as from abroad within three
weeks you will be doing and or exam
about that book so that's all so you get
to know your tutor don't have a good
conversation about the book then we
start a series of lectures by the staff
covering topics like the institutional
context relationship between work
well-being and performance the active
and pre e and while these lectures are
being taught we at the same time we have
every week a seminar but seminar is very
special because you working in teams
will be held responsible for organizing
those seminars so you will be chairing
it you will be inviting guest speakers
from companies companies like I like
shell or ing you will select cases so
that you can try to apply the knowledge
from theory into practice this way you
will be held responsible yourself or
organizing those sessions and of course
being supervised being coached by your
tutor so that's really the core
ingredient of our program next that you
also have a course in what we call human
resource metrics and federal
that's all about a topic of HR analytics
which is really a booming topic in the
field if you have a good knowledge of
that topic no doubt you will be able to
find a job of this program and we offer
a whole range a whole set of electives
from which you can choose topics like
performance management learning and
development management diversity
compensation benefits and the joint
characteristics of all these electives
is that next to a theory we also invite
people from breakfast people from
companies so that you have a good mix
between the theory and how it can be
applied and outs working in practice
also the topic of international your
resource management will be given
attention the second term we start with
series of lectures and trainings in the
area of organizational change which is
also an important topic in the field of
human resource management you as human
resource manager will often be called
upon by a line manager to help him or
her to implement organizational changes
so a thorough understanding of that
topic is important and then finally
you'll have to write your master's
thesis can often be combined with so
called internship we do have a whole set
of relationships with big companies like
she'll ing hospitals our staff is well
connected to the business society so we
can make sure that your thesis can be
combined with collecting data in real
life bit situations and that you already
have a smooth transfer from studying to
later on practicing a job